## README

A RabbitMQ worker queues **PLAYGROUND**.

#### Prerequisites
* node.js v6.9.1 
* docker 1.12.0 or newer including docker-compose

#### Get up and running
1) clone this repository

2) in the root directory run <code>npm install</code>

3) run <code>docker-compose up</code> in the root directory and then wait for everything to start up before moving on. You could just move on right away - but then nothing will work and we will all be sad.

4) navigate to the root directory in another terminal window and run <code>node exercise.js</code>


**exercise.js** runs a never-ending stress test putting messages on the worker queue through the producers HTTP endpoint.
The worker queue is durable and the messages persistent. The workers waits 400 milliseconds before sending ACK to simulate being busy doing stuff and will only accept one message at a time.  

With exercise.js running you can try out the RabbitMQ Management Plugin.  
Browse to [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)  -> Queues -> task_queue.

#### Play with
* The number of messages generated by exercise.js
* The number of workers, **docker-compose scale worker=5..** (how many workers does it take to keep up with exercise.js?)
* The time a worker waits before sending an ACK  

*both ./producer and ./worker are running through nodemon and will reload inside the containers when you save any changes*

#### License

Released under the MIT license. Copyright (c) 2016 Johan Hellgren.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
